---
layout: post
title: "Test 01"
date: 2024-09-30 15:11:22 +0700
categories: test01
---

# CONVERSATION

## 1.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/1.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Julie, would you please push back my 1:00 appointment this afternoon?
I have an emergency meeting with the president.

W:
Of course, Mr. Laurie.
`When would you like to` reschedule?

M:
Well, the president informed me that some clients will be arriving at 2, so let's say 4 o'clock.
I should be back in my office by then.

W:
Great, I'll see if he can be here at 4.

## 2.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/2.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Good afternoon Telus Mobility.
What can I do for you?

W:
Hello, I was wondering if you can help me with my cell phone bill.
I haven't used my cell phone any more than usual, however the total this month seems to be much more than in the past.

M:
It could be that the monthly service charge has increased, but let me look over your invoice.
What's your telephone number?

W:
It's 555-9328. My last name is Hawk.

## 3.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/3.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

W:
Kevin, when is everyone meeting to commemorate Jim's retirement?

M:
The invitation said 7 o'clock.
Do you know where the banquet hall is?

W:
Yes, it's in the Westbotten Harborfront Hotel,
next to the supermarket.
But I need to stop by the bakery first, so I probably won't arrive until 7:30.

M:
OK, I see, but don't be too late because I will be waiting for you.

## 4.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/4.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

W:
William, I just found out that you won an award for a piece of your artwork.
Congratulations!

M:
Thank you.
I'm so thrilled that the Kennedy Association has recognized my work.

W:
You should feel honored. Are you painting any new pieces now?

M:
Well, I started work on a new oil painting this week and I hope to join a sculpture workshop `in the fall`.

## 5.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/5.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
I'm here with a delivery.
`Some office supplies`, a filing cabinet, and a bookshelf, I believe.
I'm going to have to get someone to sign for them.
Is there a manager available?

W:
She's out of the office this afternoon.
I'm her assistant, I can sign for them.

M:
Thank you, that's great.
Where should I leave the supplies?

W:
The filling cabinet can go in the conference room and the bookshelf and boxes of supplies can be left right here.

## 6.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/6.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

W:
Excuse me, how much is the entrance fee?

M:
It's six dollars for adults and four dollars for seniors and children under 12.

W:
That's a lot more than I expected.
We only wanted to go to the gift shop.
They just called about some posters that I had ordered.
It'll only be about 20 minutes.

M:
Well, I can offer you a half price coupon.
Would you like to use it?

## 7.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/7.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Is this monitor available in black or silver?

W:
Currently, we only have the white one in stock, but if you'd like we can order either the black or the silver.
You can also get a 21-inch model for an additional 200 dollars.

M:
I'd rather order the 17-inch in black.
I heard that silver paint tends to look old quickly.

W:
Great, then let's go to the customer service counter to fill out the forms.
You should have your new monitor within 10 business days.

## 8.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/8.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

W:
Richard, have you gotten your new `parking pass`?
I picked mine up on Tuesday.

M:
Tuesday! No, I haven't even gotten a call for mine.
I have to get the parking attendant to lift the gate for me every day.

W:
Maybe you should contact someone in HR about getting you a card.

M:
Good idea. I'll call them right after the meeting.

## 9.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/9.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
What would you like to do with your hair today?
Would you like some highlights or something dramatic done to it?

W:
I'd like something simple, like the receptionist's style.
Can you add some highlights to make my hair look similar to hers?

M:
Of course. `I actually just completed` a "What's hot" seminar last week in New York, and that style was one that we focused on.

W:
Oh, did you?
You make me feel more comfortable and excited about the changes to my hair.

## 10.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/conversation/10.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Hi, June, have you had any trouble with the phone systems this afternoon?
I can't seem to check my void mail.

W:
The system cleared our ID numbers last night.
You'll have to visit the technical support staff to reset your password.

M:
Okay, the office is up on the eighth floor by the mail room, right?

W:
It is on the eighth floor, but you'll have to turn left at the reception desk and go down to the end of the hall.
`It's directly beside` the Human Resources department.

# PARAGRAPH

## 1.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/1.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Hello, this is Katie Burke calling from Cogeco Internet Services.
Mr. Clifford, the reason I'm calling is we haven't received your payment for the installation of the modem and cable.
We need your payment in order to activate your service.
Please contact us at 1-800-222-4503, between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m., `Monday through Saturday`.
Thank you.
We `look forward to` hearing from you at your `earliest convenience`.

## 2.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/2.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

`I am pleased` to announce `the grand opening` of Atlas Steels Corporation here in Hamilton.
As `director of operations`, I can only try to express `how proud I am`.
We will open the plant doors in early July and will `look at` hiring an additional 100 staff members, and `then closer` to `the end of the year` we will most likely bring on another 75 people.
We've expanded `quite a bit` since our first production facility in Milton, to our `present day` plants in Portland, Rochester, St. Louis, and now here in Hamilton.
We are looking forward to joining the community.

## 3.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/4.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Hello.
My name is Claudia and I am happy to be your host and guide this afternoon.
It's currently 12:30 and we will begin our tour of the facilities at 1:00.
But before we get started, I do have a few announcements to make.
Unfortunately, we do not allow any visitors to photograph the equipment or video the baking process.
The first part of the tour will finish at 2 p.m.
However, you will have `a couple of unguided hours` to visit our labs and tasting rooms before you leave the premises.
Feel free to ask any questions that you may have at anytime throughout the tour.
I do hope that you enjoy your visit.

## 4.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/4.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Thank you for calling the University of Washington's library.
To access a listing of staff and faculty extensions, please press 1 at anytime.
Our library facilities are open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday though Friday.
If you wish to access our political archives, an appointment can be made with Edward Phillips at extension 15.
If you would like our reception staff to return your call, `please leave a message after the tone`.
Thank you.

## 5.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/5.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Do you like French food?
If so, you will love Chateau Francois, `on the corner` of John Street and Richardson Avenue.
`Stop by for dinner` to enjoy traditional French cuisine: escargot, homemade bread, and fine wines.
For dessert, why don't you try pastries with fresh fruit and rich dark chocolate?
The thing that makes Chateau Francois truly unique the restaurant's location.
Our newly-designed chef's deck overlooks our estate vineyards and the beautiful Potemac River.
Enjoy the view `as you relax` `over a glass of wine`.
We look forward to seeing you for dinner.

## 6.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/6.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good afternoon.
I need to remind you of an upcoming event prior to the beginning of our meeting.
Newport Painters are arriving on Tuesday to paint the offices in the west wing of our building.
The painters should be here for three days.
If you have an office in the west wing, be sure to contact Ms. Peters in human resources to find out where you will be relocated to.
Furthermore, remove all confidential files by the end of business on Monday.
If you have any further questions, speak to Ms. Peters.

## 7.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/7.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good evening, Office Depot shoppers.
This is your Office Depot sales manager, Kendra Williams, informing you of some tremendous discounts we have for you in the store today.
In our stationary section, all computer paper is available at a 20% discount.
Also, shoppers with an Office Depot Preferred Customer Card will receive an additional 5% off of all purchases.
Don't forget the electronics department, where computers, faxes, and printers are also on sale.
And remember to pick up our new fall catalogue as you leave the store.
It's your way of learning more about all that Office Depot has to offer.

## 8.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/8.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Starting next month we'll be introducing the company's new database computer system.
The new network will combine a few features that will help us to stay connected more efficiently, especially on group tasks.
Please remember that all files from the old database will not be moved to the new one, so it's essential that all staff back up their files by the end of the month. If you fail to do so, important data could be lost.
The full network will require two weeks to install.

## 9.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/9.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good afternoon everyone and thank you fo coming to this year's conference on organizational behavior.
My name is Francis Lee and I'll be chairing the conference for the next three days.
Each day we'll discuss a new area of organizational behavior.

A few of the concepts we'll be covering include hiring practices, group dynamics and project management.
Each of you will be responsible for responding daily to the lectures and posting your responses daily to the lectures and posting your responses on our conference website, which also maintains a chat room for you to discuss ideas with your colleagues.

Undoubtedly, during the conference, you will benefit both from the lectures themselves, and by interacting with your colleagues.
We wish you good luck over the next three days.

## 10.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test01/paragraph/10.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good afternoon.
This meeting shouldn't take more than 30 minutes.
I wanted to make everyone aware of our new computer security system.
Previously, we had been able to use any computer within the building freely, without having to log on.
Recently, the information technology department updated our computer network, requiring each of us to use a password to access any computer on the premises.
This should improve security and allow us to record employee productivity.
