---
layout: post
title: "Test 02"
date: 2024-09-30 17:45:22 +0700
categories: test02
---

# CONVERSATION

## 1.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/1.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
My internet service is so slow.
It's really affecting my work.
I think it's time that I changed internet providers.

W:
You should contact Roger's Inc.
That's the company that I use.
They have great service staff, and their technical support is the best in the industry.

M:
`Thank you for the suggestion`. `I'll keep that in mind`.

W:
And when you call, don't forget to mention my name.
They'll give you a new contract discount and credit my account for referring a friend.

## 2.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/2.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Maria, were you able to shop the product for the customer's order in time for delivery?

W:
No, the shipping office was closed this morning.
I've already faxed them twice this afternoon to remind them.

M:
Would you please try calling them?
I have to contact the customer this evening, and I'd like to let him know when the delivery will arrive.

W:
OK, I will do it right away.

## 3.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/3.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Angela, I've just confirmed the departure times and it looks like our train will be delayed a couple of hours.
It's now expected to leave at 7:00.

W:
That's big problem. We won't arrive in London in order to make our 9:00 meeting with our partners.

M:
It will be okay.
I was going to contact them anyway to confirm that they received the documents I couriered earlier today.

W:
Alright, so you can let them know our situation.

## 4.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/4.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Good afternoon.
I am here to deliver two parcels for Karl Michaels.
Is this his office?

W:
Yes, but Mr. Michaels is out of town on business.
However, he should be back this afternoon.

M:
Are you able to sign for the documents?
Or would you prefer that I return in `a couple of hours`?

W I can sign for them.
Just put the package on the desk.

## 5.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/5.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Welcome to Mitchell's.
`Do you want to hear about` our specials today?

W:
I don't know what I feel like, `so what would you recommend for` lunch?

M:
Well, our club sandwich is very popular, and I particularly like the chicken fingers that come with curly fries.
`Does that sound good`, or `shall I name some other options?`

W:
I think I'll `look over` the menu `one more time` before I order.
While I'm thinking, `could you get me` a chocolate milk?

## 6.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/6.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Hello, I'd like to apply for a credit card.

W:
Do you have any identification containing both your address and signature, sir?

M:
Yes, of course.
Here's my driver's license.
Do you require any other forms of Id?

W:
No, this drivers license `is good enough`.
Why don't you start filing out this form while I photocopy your driver's license?

## 7.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/7.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
So, Sarah, has the bank contacted you since your interview with them?

W:
Yes, they phoned this morning.
They want me to meet with the vice-president of the company next Monday.

M:
`That's wonderful news!`
What time is the interview?

W:
They wanted to meet in the afternoon, right after lunch.
But I asked if I could have the interview in the morning instead.

## 8.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/8.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Ms. Jeffrey, `I won't be able to attend` the seminar on Friday, so could you take notes for me?

W:
No problem, Mr. Pauls.
Are you finally going on that vacation you've been talking about?

M:
`No, unfortunately not.`
I have to leave for New York tomorrow morning to meet with our new client.
We'll be `discussing negotiations` for the contract at his office, so I'll need a few extra days to finalize things.

W:
Wow, `good luck with the talks`.
I heard that the Johnson & Johnson contract would bring in a lot of revenue.
I'll let you know if they discuss anything important at the seminar on Friday.

## 9.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/9.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Ms. Dias, we'd like to introduce the Spanish edition of Marketing a Successful Product `by the end of the quarter`.

W:
That would mean I would have less than a month to complete the translation.
That won't be enough time to translate a 75-page article.

M:
Well, we may be able to delay the publishers `a couple of extra weeks`.
`Would that be better for you?`

W:
If I `dedicate myself exclusively` to the project, five weeks could be possible.

## 10.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/conversation/10.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

M:
Did you see the review written up about Tangy Bangkok?
It sounds like it has the best Thai food in town.

W:
I read the article, but don't know if I agree.
I had lunch there with Bill this past Monday.
The food was just so-so, and the service could have been much better.

M:
`Wow! That surprising.`
What did you think of the atmosphere?
The write-up said it was really fun.

W:
Yes, it was `quite unique`, but it doesn't make up for the `outrageous prices` and `average dishes`.

# PARAGRAPH

## 1.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/1.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Miss Damon.
This is Peter Bedford calling from the Air-Italia Airlines security desk.
I'm happy to inform you that we have located your baggage from flight AI 893.
We'll be delivering it to the Nardizzi Hotel.
I believe this is your location while you're staying in Rome.
The delivery should arrive this afternoon before 4 p.m.
Should you have any questions, please contact me at 1-888-567-4FLY.
We `sincerely apologize for any inconvenience` this may have caused you and thank you once again for `your continued patronage`.

- baggage (n): hành lý
- sincerely (adv): trân trọng
- patronage (n): sự bảo trợ

## 2.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/2.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good evening, shoppers!
Our store will be closing in 10 minutes.
Please take all of your purchases to the nearest `cashier counter`.
And don't miss out on our specials available in the cleaning products section.
All laundry detergents are at 25% off `the original sticker price`.
`The customer service desk` is now closing.
Should you have any question, please ask to speak to `the manager on duty`, Ms. Barbara Henderson.
We're pleased to announce that our regular business hours have been extended to serve all you shopping needs.
Beginning next Monday, our new hours of operation will be 8 a.m. to 10 p.m., `every day of the week`.
We'd like to `thank you once again` for choosing Bargain Hunters and `we look forward to serving you again`.

- laundry detergents: bột giặt, nước giặt ủi

## 3.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/3.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Welcome to Peller Morrison.
My name is Cameron and I will be serving you this afternoon.
We have two special dishes prepared by our chef this lunch.
I `would highly recommend` both the sun dried tomato and feta stuffed chicken or the wild rice stuffed bell peppers.
Both items are priced at 17 dollars and are served with a cup of soup and a side salad.
Our pastry chef has also added an item to the dessert menu.
It's a lavender infused mousse cake served with chilled whipped cream for 8 dollars.
Would you like something to drink while you are making your decisions?

- dessert menu: thực đơn tráng miệng
- sun dried tomato: cà chua phơi nắng
- feta stuffed chicken: gà nhồi pho mai feta
- rice stuffed bell peppers: ớt chuông nhồi cơm
- pastry (n): bánh ngọt
- lavender infused mousse cake: bánh mousse hương hoa oải hương
- chilled whipped cream: kem tươi lạnh

## 4.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/4.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good morning.
As director of the Phases Company marketing department, I am happy to announce today some great news.
Our company has achieved record sales `this quarter`, a jump of nearly 15%.
I believe this growth is directly related to the excellent advertising our team developed to promote the new product line.
I am confident that you `will be thrilled` to hear that due to `the positive growth`, all Phases Company employees will receive an increase in their yearly bonuses.

- thrilled (adj): hồi hộp, cảm động

## 5.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/5.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good evening.
This is Dilana Miles at PRCK Light Jazz, your favorite jazz music station.
I wanted to remind all of you that Kevin Onawa, a renowned pianist, will be performing with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra tomorrow night.
At eighty-nine years old, Mr. Onawa will be the oldest member to ever perform a piano solo alongside the famous group.
The concert will be aired on PRCK Light Jazz from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.
We are also thrilled to announce that Mr. Onawa will join us here at PRCK Light Jazz Friday morning.
`Be sure to remember` to listen to this once-in-a-lifetime interview.
That's Friday morning at 9 a.m.

- renowned (adj): nổi tiếng
- performing (v): thực hiện

## 6.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/6.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Ladies and gentlemen, we are extremely honored to have tonight's guest speaker here with us.
`I'm sure I don't have to remind you` of Dr. Nathan East's most `prominent works`, including his research on `the effects of global warming`.
After listening to Dr. East speak at the Global Environmental Agenda in Tokyo last summer, I asked him to present here tonight, though I was surprised to hear that he would be interested in speaking to such a small group like ours.
Dr. East's talk tonight is entitled "Simple Ways to Reverse the Effects of Global Warming".
We are pleased to have you with us, Dr. East.

- prominent (adj): nổi bật

## 7.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/7.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good evening.
Thank you for joining us here at Gossip Central.
I'm Jenny Jenkins.
We have a special guest with us here in the studio today, Ms Sarah Polly, director of the hit movie "Jumping through Hoops".
Actors and producers alike have praised Ms. Polly's directorial debut as reaching new heights in Hollywood.
The storyline of this film mirrors the hardships that Sarah herself has faced throughout her life.
After many years of struggling in the film industry, it looks as though Ms. Sarah Polly has finally `caught a break`.
So, Ms. Polly, how did you stay motivated `over nearly a decade`?
Ten years can seem like a lifetime.
Many people would have `given up` after just five years or so.

- hardship (n): khó khăn
- struggling (v): vật lộn
- caught a break: bắt được cơ hôi

## 8.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/8.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Good morning, this is Christina from Jiffy Lube Car Services.
We've been a member of the Better Business Bureau for over five years, and we're proud to announce the grand opening of our new and improved store.
That's right, we've expanded.
We still offer the same great service on oil changes, tire rotation, alignment, and windshield repair.
To celebrate the grand opening of our new store, we are offering a special discount.
Only this weekend, purchase any discounted service package and receive a free oil change.
If you would like more information, or to book an appointment, please call us at 679-7310.

- tire rotation: thay lốp
- windshield repair: sửa kính chắn gió

## 9.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/9.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Next up at 6:00, a special look at health care.
But first, at the city courthouse today, members of the community met with local law enforcement officials to discuss the growing problem of violence.
Domestic disputes were the main area of concern.
The policy with regard to arrests.
Many supporters of the decision feel that it with help to make the community a safer place.
And judges believe it will reduce the number of cases brought to court.
However, a few upset citizens joined the talks downtown to raise concerns about te possibility of false accusations and wrongful arrests.

## 10.

<audio controls src="/english.github.io/assets/audio/test02/paragraph/10.mp3" title="Audio"></audio>

Hello, Bob.
This is Wanda St. Pierre from parking services.
I wanted to inform you that the parking garage will be under repairs beginning on Tuesday while some issues with the facilities are taken care of.
The project should require three days, and the area should be available by Friday.
I realize that many of your employees drive to work, so please apologize for any inconvenience this may cause them.
A shuttle bus will be provided from the main entrance each morning and afternoon on Wednesday and Thursday.
Let me know if you have any downtown meetings, and I should be able to arrange transportation.
